{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1417\margr1417\margb1417\margt1417\vieww19080\viewh17040\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Version changelist:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Numbers at the end of every description indicate the Gatsometer tracking number. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Version 1.15.1.10:\ulnone  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
- Fixed: Only the first image is marked by a violator marker.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Version 1.15.1.9:\ulnone  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Fixed: Fail to open MJ2 file with unhandled "Invalid memory access" error.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Version 1.15.1.8:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: Version of Apache Log4j 2 library is increased to 2.17.1 to fix CVE-2021-44228 vulnerability.\
\
\ul Version 1.15.1.7:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: "No compatible GS Media Library found" issue is fixed by upgrading the version of JNA.\
\ul \
Version 1.15.1.6:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: drawing triggerline.\
\
\ul Version 1.15.0.8:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: support for drawing legacy and new triggerline.\
\
\ul Version 1.15.0.5:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: Hong Kong aux video framerate.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Version 1.15.0.1:\ulnone  \
- Added: support for new Violator mark type, plus sign.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Version 1.15.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: support for multiple videos.\
- Added: support for JPEG videos in CGE files (\'91video\'92 folders with JPEG video frames).\
\
\ul Version 1.14.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: option to search files in subfolders in the source folder (-sub).\
- Added: option to exclude subfolders from search (-sux). \
- Added: option to create subfolders in output folder, based on XML data (-fol).\
- Added: option to mirror the folder structure from the source folder to the destination folder (-mir).\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.8.2.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.13.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: option to export the XML from a CGE as a single file or multiple files (-xml 2, -xmi).\
- Fixed: export as plain MJ2, SDI or CGE.\
\
\ul Version 1.12.2.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: video export.\
- Added: option to show violator marker as both centered cross and bounding rectangle (-vmt cross+rectangle).\
\
\ul Version 1.12.1.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: option to show violator marker as centered cross instead of bounding rectangle (-vmt cross).\
\
\ul Version 1.12.0.2:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: violator marker not being drawn on Linux. \
\
\ul Version 1.12.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Improved: settings are no longer reverted to default after updating GSMJ2Convert on Windows. \
- Fixed: video failing to export when GSMJ2Convert is not run from installation folder. \
- Improved: GS Media Library no longer needs to be copied to /usr/lib on Linux.\
- Added: option to include violator marking in exported JPEGs (-vmk), as well as an option to set the thickness of the lines of the violator marking (-vms). \
- Improved: databar position handling.\
\
\ul Version 1.11.1.2:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: RAW export.\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.8.0.1.\
\
\ul Version 1.11.1.1:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: remove UTF-8 encoding errors from XML before parsing.\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.8.0.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.11.1.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: read databar position from SDI/MJ2 (if present).\
- Fixed: GSMJ2Convert.exe will now exit on completion.\
\
\ul Version 1.11.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: tonemapped images not being exported in some cases.\
- Improved: tonemapping.\
- Added: region tonemapping for plate cutouts.\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.5.3.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.10.2.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: license plate cutout not being exported.\
\
\ul Version 1.10.1.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: SDI support.\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.5.1.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.10.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.5.0.3. \
- Fixed: compatibility mode.\
\
\ul Version 1.9.3.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.5.0.2. \
- Added: tonemapping.\
\
\ul Version 1.9.2.1:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.5.0.1. \
\
\ul Version 1.9.2.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.5.0.0. \
\
\ul Version 1.9.1.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.1.0.3. \
\
\ul Version 1.8.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: RAW image export, plane or pixel ordered (-raw, -pln).\
- Added: video frame export by delay, distance or time (-vzz).\
- Added: execute script/application after a file has been processed (-exe). Source folder, source filename, source extension, destination folder and destination filename are passed to the script/application as parameters. Return code should be 0 if executed OK, or greater than 0 if processing should stop.\
- Added: XLS stylesheet parsing (-xsl).\
- Added: compatibility/legacy mode to convert MJ2 like GSConvert (-gsc). XSL stylesheets to convert XML should be named \'93compat-<index>.xml\'94, where <index> is the XML index conform the SDI/CGE specifications (0 = file info XML, 1 and up = image info XML). Also, the XSL stylesheets should be placed in the application data folder (in user/home).\
\
\ul Version 1.7.0.1:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.1.0.1.\
\
\ul Version 1.7.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: FFMPEG no longer hangs if video file already exists. \
- Added: JP2/CGE file structure dump (-dbg).\
- Added: save decrypted/unsigned file copy (-dec). \
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.1.0.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.6.1.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: sorting files with identical filenames within a CGE.\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.0.1.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.6.0.1:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: -fdv option for fractional frame rates.\
\
\ul Version 1.6.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: support for OpenSSL PEM keys.\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 4.0.0.1.\
\
\ul Version 1.5.1.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Fixed: CGE export.\
- Changed: files in a CGE are now always ordered front before rear and exit before entry. \
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 3.4.0.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.5.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: fingerprint verification. Trusted fingerprints are stored in fingerprints.txt, one fingerprint per line. If a file\'92s fingerprint is not trusted, a file containing the fingerprint will be exported with the extension \'91.untrusted.txt\'92.\
- Changed: multiple shift and discard levels are now accepted.\
- Added: MPEG-4 export.\
- Added: option to export fingerprint information. \
- Changed: data and settings now saved in a GSMJ2Convert folder within the current user profile to avoid rights issues in Windows 7. To locate this folder, run GSMJ2Convert with the \'96hlp parameter.\
\
\ul Version 1.4.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 3.3.0.0.\
- Added: CGE support.\
- Added: image/video frame exclusion.\
\
\ul Version 1.3.0.0c:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 3.2.0.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.3.0.0b:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 3.1.1.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.3.0.0a:\ulnone  \
\
- Updated: GS Media Library to version 3.1.0.0.\
\
\ul Version 1.3.0.0:\ulnone  \
\
- Added: XML export option. \
\
\ul Version 1.2.0.2:\ulnone  \
\
- Initial release.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
}